improve synthetics push command flow docs (#3728)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/synthetics-command-reference.asciidoc

However, there are some you may find useful:

`--match <string>`::

> run tests with a name or tags that matches the glob pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
run tests with a name or tags that match the given glob pattern.
```

`--tags Array<string>`::

> run tests with the given tag(s) that matches the glob pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
run tests with the given tag(s) that match the given glob pattern.
```
